TODO.md, before:

# TODO items for this project
These are outstanding items of work
for us to do.
Each item
should be given a category for grouping.
This list
is intended to be kept short and simple enough
that it can be
visually scanned and managed.

Items should be checked-off
and perhaps moved to the bottom
when completed.
Items should be struck-out
to indicate that they have been canceled,
unless they should merely be deleted.

1. [ ] Category - Item
1. [ ] - 

1. [ ] Anaconda - Create scripts & aliases for showing environment variables for Anaconda
1. [ ] Anaconda - Document use of Anaconda for our purposes
1. [ ] Anaconda - Sort Anaconda packages in `cfg/anaconda.yml`
1. [ ] Bash - Create scripts & aliases for showing environment variables for BriteOnyx
1. [ ] Bash - Document disabled shebang for Bash scripts that are `source`d
1. [ ] Bash - Document dropped file extension for Bash scripts
1. [ ] Bash - Document use of `.bash` file extension for Bash scripts that are `source`d
1. [ ] Bash - Fix inappropriate shebang on Bash source
1. [ ] Bash - Test for appropriate shebang on all Bash source
1. [ ] Bash - `unset` relevant Bash variables when appropriate
1. [ ] Neovim - Configure Neovim to position itself
1. [ ] Neovim - Switch font in Neovim for better readability
1. [ ] OpenTelemetry - Integrate OpenTelemetry into Python code
1. [ ] Python - Create scripts & aliases for showing environment variables for Python
1. [ ] Python - Document conventions for executing Python module
1. [ ] Python - Document disabled shebang for Python source
1. [ ] Python - Document dropped file extension for Python scripts
1. [ ] Python - Document use of `.py` file extension for Python source
1. [ ] Python - Document use of shebang for Python scripts
1. [ ] Python - Fix inappropriate shebang on Python source
1. [ ] Python - Test for appropriate shebang on all Python source
1. [ ] Python - Use pytest parameterization to extend test suites
1. [ ] encoding - Disable Python3 automatic encoding coercion between ASCII and Unicode
1. [ ] encoding - Generate a file for each character encoding with every possible character
1. [ ] encoding - Generate a subshell environment for each character encoding with every possible character
1. [ ] encoding - Implement full test suite for environment variable character encodings
1. [ ] encoding - Implement full test suite for file character encodings
1. [ ] generation - Define code generation methods for common test result patterns
1. [ ] generation - Extend code generation to all Bash scripts
1. [ ] generation - Implement code generation for testing code generation functionality
1. [ ] generation - Implement full test suite for code generation functionality
1. [ ] generation - Refactor `all.py` modules to have a `_Generator` class that holds `config`
1. [ ] iTerm2 - Configure iTerm2 to position itself
1. [ ] iTerm2 - Switch font in terminal for better readability
1. [ ] output - Investigate whether I want to capture log files during `test-run`
1. [ ] security - Filter sensitive values out of committed output (environment variables)
1. [X] Anaconda - Create scripts & aliases for managing Anaconda environments
1. [X] Anaconda - Switch from Python virtual environment to Anaconda environment
1. [X] Bash - Add `redeclare` alias to `source` Bash function declarations again
1. [X] Bash - Capture original versions of various dotfiles = ~/.bash\_logout on Ubuntu Server
1. [X] Bash - Capture original versions of various dotfiles = ~/.bash\_profile on Apple macOS
1. [X] Bash - Capture original versions of various dotfiles = ~/.profile on Ubuntu Server
1. [X] Bash - Enhance Bash activation to declare functions
1. [X] Bash - Log Bash messages to stderr instead of stdout
1. [X] BriteOnyx - Separate project temporary directory from `TMPDIR`
1. [X] Homebrew - Create scripts & aliases for managing Homebrew
1. [X] Python - Convert to Python3 source code
1. [X] Python - Refactor hard-coded values into configuration
1. [X] Python - Rename application module `MODULE` to follow PEP8 conventions
1. [X] Python - Restore reporting of `coverage`
1. [X] Python - Restore reporting of test results
1. [X] encoding - Implement methods for always using text files with default UTF-8 encoding
1. [X] encoding - ~Add encoding header to all Python source~
1. [X] generation - Fix broken code generation functionality
1. [X] generation - Refactor BriteOnyx source generation to better distinguish before, during, and after activation
1. [X] generation - Split generation of `activate.bash` into separate Python modules for before/after activation
1. [X] output - Move captured output files to `out` directory
1. [X] security - Write script to secure project files
1. [X] synchronize - Enhance functionality to synchronize dotfiles between repository and user account

Commit message:

Enhance source generation to merge via an intermediary script that the user can edit first

TODO.md, after:

# TODO items for this project
These are outstanding items of work
for us to do.
Each item
should be given a category for grouping.
This list
is intended to be kept short and simple enough
that it can be
visually scanned and managed.

Items should be checked-off
and perhaps moved to the bottom
when completed.
Items should be struck-out
to indicate that they have been canceled,
unless they should merely be deleted.

1. [ ] Category - Item
1. [ ] - 

1. [ ] Anaconda - Create scripts & aliases for showing environment variables for Anaconda
1. [ ] Anaconda - Document use of Anaconda for our purposes
1. [ ] Anaconda - Sort Anaconda packages in `cfg/anaconda.yml`
1. [ ] Bash - Adjust `setup_terminal.bash` to handle both Solarized Dark & Solarized Light
1. [ ] Bash - Create scripts & aliases for showing environment variables for BriteOnyx
1. [ ] Bash - Document disabled shebang for Bash scripts that are `source`d
1. [ ] Bash - Document dropped file extension for Bash scripts
1. [ ] Bash - Document use of `.bash` file extension for Bash scripts that are `source`d
1. [ ] Bash - Fix inappropriate shebang on Bash source
1. [ ] Bash - Test for appropriate shebang on all Bash source
1. [ ] Bash - `unset` relevant Bash variables when appropriate
1. [ ] Neovim - Adjust to handle both Solarized Dark & Solarized Light
1. [ ] Neovim - Configure Neovim to position itself
1. [ ] Neovim - Switch font in Neovim for better readability
1. [ ] OpenTelemetry - Integrate OpenTelemetry into Python code
1. [ ] Python - Create scripts & aliases for showing environment variables for Python
1. [ ] Python - Document convention of using f-strings over `str.format()` or %-strings
1. [ ] Python - Document convention of using string templates when templates are insecure
1. [ ] Python - Document conventions for executing Python module
1. [ ] Python - Document disabled shebang for Python source
1. [ ] Python - Document dropped file extension for Python scripts
1. [ ] Python - Document use of `.py` file extension for Python source
1. [ ] Python - Document use of shebang for Python scripts
1. [ ] Python - Fix inappropriate shebang on Python source
1. [ ] Python - Replace all %-strings with f-strings
1. [ ] Python - Replace all `str.format()` with f-strings
1. [ ] Python - Test for appropriate shebang on all Python source
1. [ ] Python - Use pytest parameterization to extend test suites
1. [ ] encoding - Disable Python3 automatic encoding coercion between ASCII and Unicode
1. [ ] encoding - Generate a file for each character encoding with every possible character
1. [ ] encoding - Generate a subshell environment for each character encoding with every possible character
1. [ ] encoding - Implement full test suite for environment variable character encodings
1. [ ] encoding - Implement full test suite for file character encodings
1. [ ] generation - Define code generation methods for common test result patterns
1. [ ] generation - Enhance merge to present a script of files to be merged, which can be edited before executing
1. [ ] generation - Extend code generation to all Bash scripts
1. [ ] generation - Implement code generation for testing code generation functionality
1. [ ] generation - Implement full test suite for code generation functionality
1. [ ] generation - Refactor `all.py` modules to have a `_Generator` class that holds `config`
1. [ ] generation - Refactor source generation to be `class`-based rather than `import`-based
1. [ ] iTerm2 - Configure iTerm2 to position itself
1. [ ] iTerm2 - Create profiles for both Solarized Dark & Solarized Light
1. [ ] iTerm2 - Switch font in terminal for better readability
1. [ ] security - Filter sensitive values out of committed output (environment variables)
1. [X] Anaconda - Create scripts & aliases for managing Anaconda environments
1. [X] Anaconda - Switch from Python virtual environment to Anaconda environment
1. [X] Bash - Add `redeclare` alias to `source` Bash function declarations again
1. [X] Bash - Capture original versions of various dotfiles = ~/.bash\_logout on Ubuntu Server
1. [X] Bash - Capture original versions of various dotfiles = ~/.bash\_profile on Apple macOS
1. [X] Bash - Capture original versions of various dotfiles = ~/.profile on Ubuntu Server
1. [X] Bash - Enhance Bash activation to declare functions
1. [X] Bash - Log Bash messages to stderr instead of stdout
1. [X] BriteOnyx - Separate project temporary directory from `TMPDIR`
1. [X] Homebrew - Create scripts & aliases for managing Homebrew
1. [X] Python - Convert to Python3 source code
1. [X] Python - Refactor hard-coded values into configuration
1. [X] Python - Rename application module `MODULE` to follow PEP8 conventions
1. [X] Python - Restore reporting of `coverage`
1. [X] Python - Restore reporting of test results
1. [X] encoding - Implement methods for always using text files with default UTF-8 encoding
1. [X] encoding - ~Add encoding header to all Python source~
1. [X] generation - Fix broken code generation functionality
1. [X] generation - Refactor BriteOnyx source generation to better distinguish before, during, and after activation
1. [X] generation - Split generation of `activate.bash` into separate Python modules for before/after activation
1. [X] output - Investigate whether I want to capture log files during `test-run`
1. [X] output - Move captured output files to `out` directory
1. [X] security - Write script to secure project files
1. [X] synchronize - Enhance functionality to synchronize dotfiles between repository and user account
